docs(llm): models content (#2829)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/llm-inference/reference-content/wizzardcoder-34b.mdx

---
meta:
  title: WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
  description: This page explains the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
content:
  h1: WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
  paragraph: This page explains the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
tags: 
categories:
  - ia
---

## Model overview

| Attribute       | Details                            |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Provider        | Wizard AI                          |
| Model Name      | `wizardlm-70B-V1.0`                |
| Compatible Instances | H100, L4                      |

## Model name

```bash
wizardlm-70B-V1.0
```

## Compatible Instances

- TBD

## Model introduction

WizardLM-70B-V1.0, developed by Wizard AI, is specifically designed for content creation platforms and writing assistants.

> With its extensive training in diverse textual data, it generates high-quality content and assists writers in various creative and professional endeavors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With its extensive training in diverse textual data, WizardLM-70B-V1.0 generates high-quality content and assists writers in various creative and professional endeavors.
```

## Why you will love it

> WizardLM-70B-V1.0 offers unparalleled versatility and creativity in content generation. Whether you're a writer seeking inspiration or a content platform looking to automate content creation, this model delivers exceptional performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WizardLM-70B-V1.0 offers unparalleled versatility and creativity in content generation. Whether you are a writer seeking inspiration or a content platform looking to automate content creation, this model delivers exceptional performance.
```
